OSDOCS-4706-v2 update Architecture section k8s APIs (#54029)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-k8s-apis.adoc

[id="microshift-k8s-apis_{context}"]
= {product-title} Kubernetes APIs

> The Kubernetes API is fully accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`). The `oc` binary is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Installing both tools to use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes API is fully accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`). The `oc` binary is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Both of these tools used with {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.
```

> The Kubernetes API is fully accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`). The `oc` binary is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Installing both tools to use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes API is fully accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`). The `oc` binary is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Installing both tools to use with {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.
```

> The Kubernetes API is 100% accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (oc). The `oc` tool is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Having both tools installed for use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.

Reviewer 2: Should we use a word like "fully" instead of "100%"?

> The Kubernetes API is 100% accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (oc). The `oc` tool is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Having both tools installed for use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes API is 100% accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (`oc`). The `oc` tool is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Having both tools installed for use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.
```

> The Kubernetes API is 100% accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (oc). The `oc` tool is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Having both tools installed for use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes API is 100% accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (oc). The `oc` tool is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Installing both tools for use with {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.
```

Author: Installing...**to** use...even better

> The Kubernetes API is 100% accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (oc). The `oc` tool is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Having both tools installed for use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to work with your deployments.

Author: I prefer "fully," too. I didn't know if there was some specific reason the percent was used that I don't have the time in to _just know_, so I wanted peer review to weigh in.

> The Kubernetes API is 100% accessible within {product-title} and can be managed with the `kubectl` command-line tool or the {OCP} CLI tool (oc). The `oc` tool is compatible with `kubectl` and offers a set of features that can be used with {product-title}. Having both tools installed for use with your {product-title} can help you access all of the resources you need to add authentication, networking, and security to your deployments.

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure what "add authentication, networking, and security" means in this context. What did you have in mind for that? Would it convey the same sentiment if we just say something like "... you need to work with your deployments." instead?

Author: We can say that, sure.
